Big changes I've made: 
* Added Mephisto migration support and tools
* posts and comments use BlueCloth (markdown) rather than RedCloth (textile)
* Posts with dates not from this year get a year indicator in the UI

h4. Flickr:

* Description from Flickr is added as content, displayed in a blockquote
* All links go to the Flickr page for that photo, not the Flickr farm
* title links to Flickr

h4. ExternalArticle: 
* Blogs create ExternalArticle objects, not Articles.  Articles are reserved for things one actually writes yourself
* UI: ExternalArticles have a special icon
* Templates for ExternalArticles all around

h4. Tweets: 
* First 4 words of a Tweet become that Tweet's header



h1. AintaBlog: Open Source Tumblogging

h3. "aintablog.com":http://aintablog.com

Aintablog is an open source blogging platform that attempts to combine the cooler parts of tumblr with more traditional blogging mainstays (commenting anyone?) It's not done. It's really not done.

Still, certain things work. You can create new posts (or as we call them, “articles”), quotes, and even import your Twitter/Flickr/del.icio.us feeds.

This app isn't quite for beginners (yet?). You need to know your way around a Rails app to really get going. With that being said, if you know Rails, then this app should be a piece of cake.

So fork away, and let me know if you add anything cool.

h3. Feature Requests/Bugs

I've set up a Lighthouse project for Aintablog here: "http://nakajima.lighthouseapp.com/projects/14585-aintablog":http://nakajima.lighthouseapp.com/projects/14585-aintablog

h3. Requirements

You're going to need a few gems to start things off.

  gem install feed-normalizer nokogiri BlueCloth

If you want to run the test suite, you'll need the Fixjour, faker, and mocha gems.

  gem install mocha fixjour faker

h4. Defensio Spam Protection

Aintablog now has built-in Defensio Spam protection. You need to get API keys from "defensio.com":http://defensio.com, then put them into @config/defensio.yml@. If you don't want to use Defensio, you can set the "use_defensio" option to false in config/settings.yml.

h3. TODO

* -Page titles!-
* -Page caching-
* More control over posts (publish_at, -commentable?-)
